
Welcome the to the Meka Blit Mode Editor! (version 1.1)

This program is designed to be an easy way to create new blit modes in Meka. You can also
edit old ones if you want.

The system requirements are simple: the same as WonderTheme! ^_^
Seriously, you need the Visual Basic 5 runtime DLLs, and that's
about it. If you can run WonderTheme, you can run this.
However, if you can't run either, I suggest going to
www.download.com and searching for 'Visual Basic 5 Runtimes' or 
something similar.

I have provided lots of in-program roll-over help, so everything should be
self explanatory. However, I will give a quick summary of all controls here.
Also, new in version 1.1, I have added a 'Wizard style' preview panel. This should
alleviate almost any need for the help below. However, the wizard help does not work
correctly at 640x480 because Visual Basic does not allow programs to be much larger
than the screen. I have squeezed the program as much as possible, but there is still
a small portion that is cut off.
My advice: Change to 800x600. However, even at 640x480, you can see most of the 
Wizard panel.


New Mode
	Creates a new mode. I recommend using this one instead of altering any
of Zoop's currently working modes. The new mode uses defaults rather than asking
you which mode to use as a base(like WonderTheme).

Delete Mode
	Deletes selected mode. Not recommended except for modes you've made yourself
that don't work.

Modes (listbox)
	A list of the Modes currently in Meka.BLT. Double-click a mode to change its
name, or press Ctrl+Up/Down Arrow to move the mode in the list. This will also change
its position in Meka.

Blitters (listbox)
	A list of the blitters in the current version of Meka(0.54 as of this writing).
Full explanation of each and their implications is given in the program.

X and Y resolution (combo boxes)
	A text box that allows you to type in the X and Y resolutions. 
Not all values work, so it is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED that you choose values from the list
section of this control. Even here, not all combinations will work. Observe the
combinations used in current modes.

Drivers (listbox)
	A list of the drivers Meka can use to make the video mode you request. The lower
the driver on the list, the more modes it supports and the faster they run...I think. I don't know
what VBEAF is. And I didn't know there was a VESA3 already :) Auto is really the easiest
choice here, but you can get better performance sometimes by manually choosing a high
VESA driver if you know your video card supports it. The reason is that Meka automatically uses a VGA driver if one works. For example, 320x200 would definitely be VGA compatible, so
you would have to manually specify VESA if you wanted VESA to create the mode.

Show In GUI
	If checked, will appear in GUI. If not, you won't be able to use it in Meka.

Flip
	Short for "Use back(or flip) buffer". If you don't know what this does, see the program's
rollover help.

VSync
	Short for "Vertical synchronization". If you don't know what this does, 
see the program's rollover help.

Comments
	Type any comments here. NOTE: You shouldn't have to explain what a video mode's
name means or what the mode does. The name should be descriptive. 
But if you WANT to create "Bob's 13th Mode" and "Bob's 14th Mode", that's fine with me.
Note on comment length: I think you can actually have an unlimited amount of comment space.
However, my gut feeling is that too many comments slow down startup of Meka. No hard facts
on this, however. Besides, who wants a 1.2 MB Meka.blt?

Well, for reading all the way to the bottom, here is a special treat: In version 1.1, I
added the ability to specify Meka's directory automatically. Use this if you are
1)A fanatic who creates new blitters all tht time.
2)A person who closes MekaBlit every time they test a new mode. This is not necessary, however.
Here's how to use it:
1)Create a shortcut to MekaBlit.exe. This is best put either in the directory with Meka or
the Start Menu with Meka or on the Desktop with Meka. Just right-drag Mekablit.exe where
you want it, then release and choose 'Create Shortcut Here'.(This method doesn't work with
Win95's Start Menu).
2)Right click the new shortcut and go to the second tab: "Shortcut"
3)In the 'Target' text box after "C:\xxxx\MekaBlit.exe" type c:\<whatever>
where <whatever> is the real pathname.
	Example: "C:\Program Files\Visual Basic\MekaBlit.exe" C:\Games\Master\Meka
4)If you ever want to change the pathname, repeat steps 2 and 3.

Now whenever you start MekaBlit using this shortcut, you will never need to specify the
pathname again!

History of new features:
1.1
	Wizard panel.
	Command line path specification.
1.0
	Everything. ^_^


Source code is included with Meka Blit Editor. You need Visual Basic version 5.0 
or higher to use the source. You can do whatever you want with the source, just be
good enough not to put my name on it.

Meka Blit Mode Editor by ZackMan (sandersn@hotmail.com)
Meka by Zoop	(cornut@cybercable.fr)
